
Gender and age of person speaking: female, 23

Transcription from audio:

 You understand? Yeah, I mean, of course you'd say that. Such a typical thing for a therapist you say. You know what? Let's just cut the crap, alright? That's stupid. I know that you could care less about me or my problems. And all you really care about is getting that money at the end of this session. So you know what? Let's make a deal. You know, I'm fine with just sitting here an hour a week on my phone. You can do whatever it is that you do. Then you'll be happy because I'm here and you'll be happy because you get your money. Now do we have a deal? Or would you rather just keep playing this fake sympathetic therapist that pretends to care about our clients and I'll just go along being the gullible patient who thinks that I finally have someone who wants to help me. Either way, get your money and I understand that's all you really want. That's all you really want to see.

Text from lip movements:

you understand {lg} yeah i mean of course you can say that such a typical thing for the top so you say oh {lg} you know what let's just on the crap right i'm not stupid i know that you can hear less time to care less time about me who would be problems and all you really care about is that that money at that discussion so you know what you know what let's make a dealer i'm fine when she's sitting here and how are we on my phone you can do whatever it's like you do i think my mom will be happy because the mirror and and you'll be happy because it gets your money {lg} and i also have a deal or would you rather just complain this finger simulating therapist that pretends to care about her clients {lg} and all just going on me and the carbon patient who thinks that i finally have someone who wants to help me wants to help me {lg} in a way you get your money and you say that's all you really want really was i said

Refined text by LLM:

You understand? Yeah, I mean, of course you can say that. It's such a typical thing for a therapist to say.

You know what? Let's just cut the crap. I'm not stupid. I know you couldn't care less about me or my problems. All you really care about is the money from this session.

So, let's make a deal. I'll sit here on my phone, and you can do whatever it is you do. My mom will be happy because I'm here, and you'll be happy because you get your money.

So, do we have a deal? Or would you rather we just continue this charade? You, playing the therapist who pretends to care about her clients, and me, the gullible patient who thinks I've finally found someone who wants to help me.

Either way, you get your money. That's all you really want, isn't it?
